Welcome to Interstellar Harvest: Growing Food Beyond Earth, a self-paced, three module, no science background required mini course. This walkthrough is going to cover module one. This is the course description with all of our course learning outcomes listed. It also has a link to our syllabus and our copyright and licensing

Every module starts with an introduction that tells its learners exactly what they'll be able to do by the end of the module. It lists the course learning outcomes, and it is aligned to the things they will do in this module so that learners know why they're doing each task, not just what to do.

Each module contains a reading component with images and alternative text for screen readers plus all the relevant information students need before moving on to the next part of the module. At the bottom are all the references for any further research. There's a video from NASA that students can watch that gives them a little bit more background into the simulation they're about to do.

And this is the main component of module one, the destination comparison simulator, where students pick a plant, decide where it might struggle the most, and plant all four and see what happens. Or they can try a different crop in a different location and see any differences

There are two discussions with three or four questions apiece and a way to share with other peers before you post your own information and there's always a rubric down below

Before the knowledge check, there's a key terms reminder so that students have all the information they need before being challenged on what they just went through.

The test has 11 questions of varying types and has feedback for every question. At the end of every module is a preview of what's coming up next. Module one showed why Earth methods fail in space, and module two shows how engineers have solved those exact problems. And that's module one, a consistent structure repeated across all three modules.

The same rhythm of read, watch, simulate, reflect, assess, and synthesize so that learners know what to expect by the time they reach module two, module three, and the end of the course.

